feature/rich-notifications-v1 (1065086) (#9372)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/changenotificationencryptedcontent.md

---
title: "changeNotificationEncryptedContent resource type"

> description: "A subscription with resource data allows a client app to receive change notifications with changes to data in Microsoft Graph. The change notification encrypted content represents the encrypted data attached with the notification."

Reviewer: I usually try to keep this to one sentence. Typically the first sentence in the introduction paragraph. The description should be something like: "A changeNotificationEncryptedContent object represents the encrypted data attached to a change notification."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "A changeNotificationEncryptedContent object represents the encrypted data attached to a change notification."
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "baywet"
doc_type: resourcePageType
ms.prod: ""
---

# changeNotificationEncryptedContent resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Represents the encrypted data attached to a change notification.

> For details, see [Set up change notifications that include resource data (preview)](/graph/webhooks-with-resource-data.md).

Reviewer: Rather than say "For details", we typically use "For more information".

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Set up change notifications that include resource data (preview)](/graph/webhooks-with-resource-data.md).
```

> ## Methods

Reviewer: If there are no methods, this section can be removed.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> None.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Properties

| Property | Type | Description |
|:---------|:-----|:------------|
| data | string | Base64-encoded encrypted data that produces a full resource respresented as JSON. The data has been encrypted with the provided `dataKey` using an `AES/CBC/PKCS5PADDING` cipher suite. |
| dataSignature | string | Base64-encoded HMAC-SHA256 hash of the data for validation purposes. |
| dataKey | string | Base64-encoded symmetric key generated by Microsoft Graph to encrypt the data value and to generate the data signature. This key is encrypted with the certificate public key that was provided during the subscription. It must be decrypted with the certificate private key before it can be used to decrypt the data or verify the signature. This key has been encrypted with the following cipher suite: `RSA/ECB/OAEPWithSHA1AndMGF1Padding`. |
| encryptionCertificateId | string | ID of the certificate used to encrypt the `dataKey`. |
| encryptionCertificateThumbprint | string | Hexadecimal representation of the thumbprint of the certificate used to encrypt the `dataKey`. |

> ## Relationships

Reviewer: If there are no relationships, this section can be removed.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> None.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
